[SC] Added Zero Downtime Upgrade guide (#472)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/service-chain/references/binary-upgrade.md

their node versions will go up with every new release. It is very important to check for the backward compatibility of the release versions.
Not every release breaks backward compatibility, but we keep track of cases of broken backward compatibility and add notice [here](./compatibility.md).

## Example
We demonstrate with the following environments:
- Parent chain (Cypress or Baobab or ServiceChain): N of `CN`(or N of `SCN`) + 1`EN`(Bridge node) + 1`EN`
- Child chain (ServiceChain): 4`SCN`(Assume that the bridge node is `SCN1`) + 1`SEN`
    - `SEN` node connects with two or more CNs at least.

In this example, we call the previous and the new release `v1` and `v2` respectively.
We tag names all the entities of each chain as follows and they are currently running with `v1`.
- Parent chain:
    - `CNN` (e.g., CN1, CN2, and so on), `BEN`(Bridge `EN` node), and `EN`
- Child chain
    - `SCN1`, `SCN2`, `SCN3`, `SCN4`,`BSEN`(Bridge `SEN` node), and `SEN`

0. The `v2` binary should be prepared offline to replace `v1`.
1. Terminate `v1` of `BSEN` and replace it with `v2`.

> 2. Restart `BSEN` with the value transfer recovery (VTR) option(`SC_VTRECOVERY=1`).

Reviewer: One more line is required to separate this sentence from the following note
```suggestion
2. Restart `BSEN` with the value transfer recovery (VTR) option(`SC_VTRECOVERY=1`).

```

Note that every value transfer transactions are not normally mined because of the bridge node's downtime.
After restarting, the unhandled transactions are executed and mined as expected by VTR.
Considering the replacement of `BEN`, it has the same process above.
Note that each chain must be live (i.e., a block is being mined continuously).
In the case above, users can continuously send value transfer transactions to live `EN`(or `SEN`)s.
Thus, no missing value transfer transactions and those are correctly handled by VTR in the counterpart chain.
Replacing both `BEN` and `SBEN` at the same time is valid too as long as both chains are live.

> 

Reviewer: One more line, or remove one line in line 6~7 for consistency
```suggestion

```

# Binary update on sustained service

> The `SCN` and `EN` nodes make a bridge connection between child and parent chains. As both binaries are being continuously developed to develop a new feature, bugfix, and improve existing features,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `SCN` and `EN` nodes make a bridge connection between child and parent chains. As both binaries are being continuously developed to add features, fix bugs, and make improvements,
```

> their node versions increase by a new release. The release version is very important to check out for backward compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
their node versions will go up with every new release. It is very important to check for the backward compatibility of the release versions.
```

> No every release breaks backward compatibility, but we keep track of the case of broken backward compatibility and add a notice to [here](./compatibility.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not every release breaks backward compatibility, but we keep track of cases of broken backward compatibility and add notice [here](./compatibility.md).
```

## Example

> We deomonstrate with the following environments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We demonstrate with the following environments:
```

> - Parent chain(Cypress or Baobab or ServiceChain): N of `CN`(or N of `SCN`) + 1`EN`(Bridge node) + 1`EN`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Parent chain (Cypress or Baobab or ServiceChain): N of `CN`(or N of `SCN`) + 1`EN`(Bridge node) + 1`EN`
```

> - Child chain(ServiceChain): 4`SCN`(Assume that the bridge node is `SCN1`) + 1`SEN`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Child chain (ServiceChain): 4`SCN`(Assume that the bridge node is `SCN1`) + 1`SEN`
```

    - `SEN` node connects with two or more CNs at least.

> We call `v1` and `v2` are previous release and new release, respectively in this demonstration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we call the previous and the new release `v1` and `v2` respectively.
```

> Assume that all the nodes are parent chain and child chain are now in running with 'v1'.

Reviewer 2: @hyunsooda 이게 무슨 뜻인가용??

Author: 영어가 이상하네요..ㅎㅎ https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/472/commits/2b9765a8bc7ef463769387acd05b810b14987b57에 다시 작성했습니다.
